doc: New button and LED numbering follow-up PR (#15864)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/peripheral/802154_phy_test/README.rst

#. To turn the LEDs on, set the respective pin's state to low to let the current flow through the LED, using the ``custom lsetgpio <pin> 0`` command, where ``<pin>`` is the number of the pin assigned for selected LED.

>    See the following example for how to light up **LED 1** on the nRF5340DK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the following example for how to light up **LED 1** on the nRF5340 DK:
```
